doc/03-Configuration.md, before:

# Configuration

Create a new Icinga Director Import Source and use "ServiceNow Table API" as the source type.

![Import Source Example](img/import-source-config.png)

![Import Source Preview](img/import-source-preview.png)

## Settings

**ServiceNow API URL:** The base URL to your ServiceNow instance. (e.g. `https://instance0815.service-now.com`)

**ServiceNow CMDB Table Endpoint:**  The API endpoint to fetch objects from.

An official list of available tables can be found [here](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/bundle/yokohama-servicenow-platform/page/product/configuration-management/reference/cmdb-tables-details.html?state=seamless).
Since we wanted to make it as customizable as possible, we don't have a hard-coded API method. Therefore, you have to provide the full endpoint for the table here (e.g. `api/now/table/cmdb_ci_server`).

**ServiceNow API Timeout:** Timeout for the API request in seconds. Default is `20` seconds.

**ServiceNow Columns:** List of columns to fetch.

Per default, we fetch all available columns. In case you want to limit the columns, you can provide a comma separated list of columns here. (e.g. `name,ip_address`)

**ServiceNow Query:** Filters for the query.

Per default, no filter limitation is applied to the query. The whole table will be fetched. In case you want to limit the objects, you can provide a filter query here.

To filter, you will need to follow the [official filter syntax from ServiceNow](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/bundle/yokohama-platform-user-interface/page/use/using-lists/concept/c_EncodedQueryStrings.html) An example could be `nameSTARTSWITHlnux`.

### Authentification methods

Currently supported authentification methods:

HTTP Basic Auth:

**ServiceNow API Username:** User to authenticate against the ServiceNow API.

This user needs to have read access to the table you want to import.

**ServiceNow API Password:** Password to authenticate against the ServiceNow API.

API Token:

**ServiceNow API Token:** Bearer token to authenticate against the ServiceNow API. Used in the header key `x-sn-apikey`.

Commit message:

Add OAuth2 Client Credentials as auth method

doc/03-Configuration.md, after:

# Configuration

Create a new Icinga Director Import Source and use "ServiceNow Table API" as the source type.

![Import Source Example](img/import-source-config.png)

![Import Source Preview](img/import-source-preview.png)

## Settings

**ServiceNow API URL:** The base URL to your ServiceNow instance. (e.g. `https://instance0815.service-now.com`)

**ServiceNow CMDB Table Endpoint:**  The API endpoint to fetch objects from.

An official list of available tables can be found [here](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/bundle/yokohama-servicenow-platform/page/product/configuration-management/reference/cmdb-tables-details.html?state=seamless).
Since we wanted to make it as customizable as possible, we don't have a hard-coded API method. Therefore, you have to provide the full endpoint for the table here (e.g. `api/now/table/cmdb_ci_server`).

**ServiceNow API Timeout:** Timeout for the API request in seconds. Default is `20` seconds.

**ServiceNow Columns:** List of columns to fetch.

Per default, we fetch all available columns. In case you want to limit the columns, you can provide a comma separated list of columns here. (e.g. `name,ip_address`)

**ServiceNow Query:** Filters for the query.

Per default, no filter limitation is applied to the query. The whole table will be fetched. In case you want to limit the objects, you can provide a filter query here.

To filter, you will need to follow the [official filter syntax from ServiceNow](https://www.servicenow.com/docs/bundle/yokohama-platform-user-interface/page/use/using-lists/concept/c_EncodedQueryStrings.html) An example could be `nameSTARTSWITHlnux`.

### Authentication methods

Currently supported authentication methods:

HTTP Basic Auth:

- **ServiceNow API Username:** User to authenticate against the ServiceNow API.

This user needs to have read access to the table you want to import.

- **ServiceNow API Password:** Password to authenticate against the ServiceNow API.

API Token:

- **ServiceNow API Token:** Bearer token to authenticate against the ServiceNow API. Used in the header key `x-sn-apikey`.

OAuth2 Client Credentials:

- **ServiceNow Client ID:** ID for the credentials
- **ServiceNow Client Secret:** Secret for the credentials
- **ServiceNow Scopes:** Scopes for the access token

This method uses the ServiceNow `/oauth_token.do` endpoint to request an access token.
Currently, the access token is not stored during multiple requests.

Note, this requires the System Property: `glide.oauth.inbound.client.credential.grant_type.enabled`
